---
layout: post
title: Projects
author: Mandy Xu
---
[See my CV here](https://github.com/mandyxu/mandyxu.github.io/blob/master/files/Mengdi_Xu_CV.pdf)
One of the greatest thing I enjoyed the most about computer science is the opportunity to work with great people to accomplish a great deal of fun projects. Here I have listed some of the projects / researches I have done using artificial intelligence techniques.

## Autonomous Driving
-----

<!-- According to Association for Safe International Road Travel, there are nearly 1.3 million people who die in road crashes each year, on average 3,287 per day, with an additional 20 to 50 million injured or disabled. Compared to human drivers, self-driving cars do not blink, do not get tired or sleepy, and do not text while driving; therefore, it easy to see machines being better drivers. As a result, it is not surprising that a lot of effort is devoted to improve the safety of autonomous vehicles by both academics and industry.
 -->
In this project, the goal is to implement algorithms to detect road, cars, cyclists, and pedestrians using stereo images along with computer vision and machine learning techniques, so that we can recognize and send out warnings of nearby objects to the "driver" of our car. The report and the resulting video can be found here.


## Toronto Datathon
-----

Our tasks in this competition is to analyze and predict the flow of population in Shanghai & San Francisco, using Markov Chains and Gaussian Process on the location data of mobile users, within 5 hours.


## Pedestrian Detection in Videos
-----
Researched on pedestrian detection in videos.



## "Wo+" Big Data Competition
-----
This competition consists of two separate parts. We won the 6th place based on the combined evaluation of both parts among 768 participating teams.

Part I: Mobile User Behavior Prediction
The goal for this project is to predict the likelihood for Shanghai Unicom users to change phones in the first quarter of 2016, based on their personal information as well as their mobile usage data in 2015.

This project is a part of the "Wo+" Big Data Competition, which is held by Shanghai Unicom. The accuracy of the prediction achieved the 4th place among 768 participating teams.

Part II: Outdoor Commercial Analysis
Analyzed data and proposed outdoor commercial proposals across four trading areas in Shanghai based on time and space mobile reception data. Our research can help with improving the allocation of the outdoor commercials, the traffic control, and the allocation of public resources, such as parking.

We used K-means clustering to classify the population based on their consuming potentials. In addition, we separated tourisms from residence and employees in each of the districts. Then, we used Apriori algorithms to find the relationships between the interests of different groups of people.

The final solution for this part won "The Best Business Model" award.
